debug (#2568)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-visual.adoc

|51               |SIMPLE          |
----

==== Strategies

[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===

|Name
|Description

|`SIMPLE`
|Used to take a screenshot of current viewport.

> |`FULL`

Reviewer: Is this the right place for this? It's only available for mobile devices.
Also worth mentioning which strategy is the default one

Author: - This is under Mobile Native Applications section, so I think this is right place
- Will add

|Used to take a screenshot of whole application view. The strategy starts shooting at the top position 
of the application view and ends at the bottom position, once the shooting is done the initial top position 
gets restored.

> For iOS platforrm make sure to set the `screenshotQuality` property to `0` to ensure screenshot pixels 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For iOS platform make sure to set the `screenshotQuality` property to `0` to ensure screenshot pixels 
```

> ==== Strategies
> 
> [cols="1,3", options="header"]
> |===
> 
> |Name
> |Description
> 
> |`SIMPLE`
> |Used to take a screenshot of current viewport. This strategy is used by default.
> 
> |`FULL`
> |Used to take a screenshot of whole application view. The strategy starts shooting at the top position 
> of the application view and ends at the bottom position, once the shooting is done the initial top position 
> gets restored.
> 
> For iOS platform make sure to set the `screenshotQuality` property to `0` to ensure screenshot pixels 
> consistensy, please see https://github.com/appium/appium-xcuitest-driver[XCUI capabililties] for more details.
> 
> |===
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Strategies

[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===

|Name
|Description

|`SIMPLE`
|Used to take a screenshot of the current viewport. This strategy is used by default.

|`FULL`
|Used to take a screenshot of the whole application view. The strategy starts shooting at the top position 
of the application view and ends at the bottom position, once the shooting is done the initial top position 
gets restored.

For iOS platform, make sure to set the `screenshotQuality` property to `0` to ensure screenshot pixels 
consistency, please see https://github.com/appium/appium-xcuitest-driver[XCUI capabilities] for more details.

|===

```

Reviewer: Will ignore area/element work for this strategy?

Author: WIP
